I making this software for business.  But first I want you understand what my business idea is.
MVP PLAN: Disposable Cups Advertisement 
Problem Statement (What are we solving?) 
Brands run offline ad campaigns and spend heavily on billboards, TV ads, posters, etc. These mediums are costly, and with them, brands can’t track ad effectiveness. They don’t get any data about their ad campaigns, and people can’t take direct actions like visiting a website in offline marketing. People see billboards for just a few seconds, and on TV, a series of ads makes them distracted — they can’t focus on one ad. These old mediums only work for spreading brand awareness. A big issue with online marketing is that it has become overcrowded, and people can easily skip these ads. 

Core MVP Solution We will solve these problems by turning disposable cups into smart advertising spaces. Our MVP will include ad-printed disposable cups with unique QR codes, allowing customers to interact with brands directly by scanning. Each scan will record essential engagement data (like count, time, and location). And we will track all the distributions of ad campaigns and will show the data to advertisers. This creates a bridge between offline and online marketing — enabling real-time tracking and actionable insights from a low-cost offline ad. To ensure data transparency, daily summaries of campaign results will be stored on the blockchain as verifiable proofs.
this MVP plan is my idea. Now I want to track the ad campaign and want to show this data to the advertisers. So for this purpose I want A blockchain system for tracking of ad campaigns. It will show data such as how many ad cups manufactured, how many cups distributed, On which locations the cups distributed, Campaign Name, Brand Name, Campaign Start & End Date. All these records will be stored as proofs on the Algorand blockchain, so brands can verify their ad campaign tracking anytime, making offline marketing transparent. All of this data will be shown on a Basic Brand Dashboard: A simple web interface for brands where they can login  to see analytics of their ad campaigns.
All of this data was for your understanding.  

first i make front end in algorand-app folder. 
Then i am working on backend in algorand-backend. 

then we are going to work on data base And blockchain etc.
You have better knowlege so you can help me going further. and completing this software as quickly as possible. i dont a so much advance system just is enough. as MVP.
Because i have to submit as quickly as possible to algorand foundation. they want blockchain based system from me. i have to submit them as quickly as possible.

Right now the features I want to show to the brands just how many ad cups manufactured, how many cups distributed,  locations count the cups distributed, Qr code scan counts, Campaign Name, Brand Name, Campaign Start & End Date. All these records will be stored as proofs on the Algorand blockchain, so brands can verify their ad campaign tracking anytime, making offline marketing transparent. Like the frontend i make the features it is showing are just these no extra features.